Add instructions for docker label integration on ecs managed instances (#34668)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/amazon_ecs/managed_instances.md

{{% tab "AWS Console" %}}

1. Within the cluster, click the **Services** tab, then click the **Service Name**.
2. Click the **Update** button.
3. For **Task Definition**, choose the latest **Revision** from the dropdown menu.
4. Click the **Update Service** button.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "AWS CLI" %}}

Use the [AWS CLI][1] to update the service with the new task definition revision:

```bash
aws ecs update-service --cluster <CLUSTER_NAME> \
--service <SERVICE_NAME> \
--task-definition <TASK_DEFINITION_ARN>
```

[1]: https://aws.amazon.com/cli
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Examples

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Redis - Web UI" %}}
Use the following table to enter the Docker labels with the [AWS Web Console][1] for a Redis container:

| Key                           | Value                                  |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| com.datadoghq.ad.instances    | `[{"host": "%%host%%", "port": 6379}]` |
| com.datadoghq.ad.check_names  | `["redisdb"]`                          |
| com.datadoghq.ad.init_configs | `[{}]`                                 |

[1]: https://aws.amazon.com/console
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Redis - AWS CLI" %}}

> Use the following JSON under `containerDefinitions` to create a Redis container through the [AWS CLI][1]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following JSON under `containerDefinitions` to configure a Redis container with Docker labels through the [AWS CLI][1]:
```
